
include $(SPECTRUM_ROOT)/makefiles/make.header

TARGET = liblabel.a

FILES = \
	ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.cpp \
	DiscreteLabelFinder.cpp \
	BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.cpp \
    TopKLabelFinder.cpp \
	CrawlLabelFinder.cpp \
	SubSpaceSet.cpp \
	CompactSearchSpace.cpp \
	BreadthLabelFinder.cpp \
	DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.cpp \
	SimpleGroupLabelFinder.cpp \
	StupidGroupLabelFinder.cpp \
	BBGroupLabelFinder.cpp \
	BFGroupLabelFinder.cpp

# knows how to build target and more.
include $(SPECTRUM_ROOT)/makefiles/make.action
# DO NOT DELETE

obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/DiscreteLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.o: ../include/SearchSpace.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/common.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/TopKLabelFinder.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/TopKLabelFinder.o: ../include/SearchSpace.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/CrawlLabelFinder.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/CrawlLabelFinder.o: ../include/SubSpaceSet.h
obj/SubSpaceSet.o: ../include/SubSpaceSet.h
obj/CompactSearchSpace.o: ../include/CompactSearchSpace.h
obj/CompactSearchSpace.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/CompactSearchSpace.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/BreadthLabelFinder.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/BreadthLabelFinder.o: ../include/CompactSearchSpace.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SearchSpace.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/StupidGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/StupidGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SearchSpace.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/BBGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/BBGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SearchSpace.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SimpleGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteGroupLabelFinder.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/ManhattenDistanceLabelFinder.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabelFinder.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Spectrum.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVector.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedVectorBase.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinError.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFloatEqual.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinFinite.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinSort.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinDistance.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumVector.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SignatureDatabase.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPackedMatrix.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinShallowPackedVector.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Signature.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/QuantityLabel.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpSimplex.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpModel.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpMatrixBase.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinPragma.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/CoinMessageHandler.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpParameters.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../COIN/include/ClpObjective.hpp
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SpectrumCoinMessageHandler.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabel.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/Tile.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/BranchAndBoundLabelFinder.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/DiscreteLabelFinder.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/SearchSpace.h
obj/BFGroupLabelFinder.o: ../include/BFGroupLabelFinder.h
