The COIN directory tree is organized by component.  The tree looks
like this:

	COIN
	|
	+---Bcp---<Bcp subtree>
	|
	+---Common+---include
        |         +---make
        |
	+---Cgl---include
	|
	+---Examples---<Example subtree>
	|
	+---Ipopt---<Ipopt subtree>
	|
	+---Mps---<MPS file subtree>
	|
	+---NLPAPI---<NLPAPI subtree>
	|
	+---Osi---include
	|
	+---Vol---include
	|
	+---multifario---<Multifario subtree>

Depending on what packages/modules you have checked out you may have
only a subset of these directories.

Common/ contains header files that are used in several other modules, 
and various helper makefiles.

The Mps* directories contain input data for test problems.  Sample/ 
contains a few small test problems.  Big/ consists of large test
problems (gzipped).  Netlib/ contains a copy of the problems in the
Netlib test set (already converted to MPS format and gzipped, but not
filtered through CPLEX's convert utility).

The Examples directory contains several sample programs illustrating
the use of different components of COIN.  Each problem resides in a
separate subdirectory.  Each subdirectory contains source files, data
(if necessary), documentation, and a Makefile.

Within components, each directory contains source (usually including a
unit test program), an include/ subdirectory containing header files,
and a Makefile.  Documentation for each component is contained in a
Doc/ subdirectory or is created using "make doc".

The Osi component (Open Solver Interface) contains classes that wrap
several different math programming solvers with a solver-independent
interface.  This interface provides a packed matrix class and calls to
load problems from MPS files or from matrices and vectors created on
the fly, modify loaded problems, solve LPs an MIPs, and access
solution information.

The Volume solver is one of the solvers supported by the Osi.

The Cgl component (Cut Generation Library) contains classes
implementing several types of generic cutting planes, written to
conform to the Open Solver API.

The Bcp (Branch-Cut-Price) component subtree is documented in the Bcp
directory.

The Ipopt component (Interior Point Optimizer for general nonlinear
constrained optimization problems) is independent of the other
components in COIN.  Documentation files can be found in
COIN/Ipopt/doc .

The NLPAPI component is independent of the other components in COIN.
Documentation files can be found in COIN/NLPAPI/Doc .

The multifario component is independent of the other components in COIN.
Documentation files can be found in COIN/multifario/Doc .
